 
 
 
 
Page 28 of 32 
Address: 1 N. University Drive, Suite 203, Plantation, FL 33324 
Email: consumer@broward.org 
Phone: 954-519-1260 
Consumer Affairs 
Consumer Protection Division 
Broward.org/Consumer 
 
We regulate local household moving companies, requiring individuals and companies located 
in Broward County to register annually for a license to engage in  local moves, as detailed 
in Chapter 20 -176.90 of the Broward County Code of Ordinances. A  local move is one that 
begins and ends in the South Florida tri -county area: Broward, Miami Dade or Palm Beach 
counties. The moving ordinance includes specific rights and obligations for both the mover and 
the customer. Violators of  the ordinance may be subject to civil penalties and revocation or 
suspension of their license. 
 
While Broward County's ordinance focuses on local moves, other agencies provide oversight 
of intrastate and interstate moves. Intrastate moves are ones that begin and end in Florida but 
either the origin or destination, or both, are outside the tri-county area. They are governed by 
state law and regulations which are administered by the Florida Division of Consumer Services.
 Interstate moves involve moving across state lines and are regulated by the US Department of 
Transportation's Federal Motor Carriers Safety Administration (FMCSA). 
 
Consumer Issues 
• Consumer Disclosure & Moving Bill of Rights 
• File a complaint 
• 8.30.19 Sun Sentinel Article on Protecting Yourself from Moving Scams 
 
Applying for or Renewing a Mover's Registration 
 
News & Highlights 
 
Effective immediately do not include a payment with any application for permits, licenses or 
registrations, if you are dropping off the application off or mailing it in.  An invoice will be 
emailed to you once your application has been processed, so that you may pay the applicable  
Movers 
 
 
 
 
Page 29 of 32 
Address: 1 N. University Drive, Suite 203, Plantation, FL 33324 
Email: consumer@broward.org 
Phone: 954-519-1260 
Consumer Affairs 
Consumer Protection Division 
Broward.org/Consumer 
fees.  Any payment included with your application will be returned to you. 
 
Please complete and print your application(s) prior to arriving for your appointment.  The 
Consumer Affairs Section is no longer providing paper applications at Government Center 
West.  Failure to arrive with a completed application may result in your appointment being 
cancelled. 
 
You must provide the following: 
1. Completed application 
2. Payment of $400 registration fee and $75 mover permit (decal) fee for each vehicle 
3. Copy of your driver’s license 
4. Copy of your vehicle registration for each vehicle 
5. Copy of your insurance certificates 
6. Copy of your workers' compensation insurance or exemption certificate 
7. Copy of your county business tax receipt 
8. Copy of your city business tax receipt (if applicable) 
9. Copy of your corporation or fictitious name documents 
 
Important: 
• Application packets with fees included can only be accepted in-person. Application 
packets that are dropped off or mailed to Broward County Consumer Protection 
Division, 1 North University Drive, Mailbox 302, Plantation, FL 33324 must not include 
payment. An invoice will be emailed to the applicant in order to pay the required fees 
once the application is processed.  Emailed applications will not be processed and will 
be discarded. 
• Effective September 1st, 2022, all mover Certificates of Insurance will have to be 
submitted to our office by the insurance producer.  The Division will no longer be 
accepting copies that are submitted by an applicant.  Please have your insurance 
Movers 
 
 
 
 
Page 30 of 32 
Address: 1 N. University Drive, Suite 203, Plantation, FL 33324 
Email: consumer@broward.org 
Phone: 954-519-1260 
Consumer Affairs 
Consumer Protection Division 
Broward.org/Consumer 
provider email the Certificates of Insurance to CPInsurance@broward.org and place the 
name of the insured in the Subject line of the email. 
 
• Certificates of insurance include: cargo legal liability, motor vehicle combined bodily 
injury and property damage liability and general liability certificates of insurance 
(ACORD form). The certificates must prove adequate insurance coverage that is in full 
force and effect. For insurance coverage minimum limit, see the Broward County 
Moving Ordinance. The certificates must list Broward County as a certificate holder and 
must provide at least 30 days advance notice of cancellation. If using truck rentals, you 
must provide us with a statement from the rental company that the truck is for moving 
purpose; and provide proof of insurance. 
• If your business has 3 or fewer employees, you must provide a "Certificate of 
Exemption from Florida Workers' Compensation Law" from the State of Florida 
Department of Financial Services or submit an explanation letter of exemption. 
• Provide a copy of the Articles of Incorporation and corporate minutes listing your 
business' officers/directors. If operating under a fictitious name, you must provide a 
copy of an active, current fictitious name registration, issued by Florida Secretary of 
State, Division of Corporations. 
 
New Applicants 
When we have verified that you have submitted all of the above, we will send your new 
registration and vehicle decal(s) by certified mail. You must also apply for your Intrastate 
Moving License with the Florida Department of Agriculture & Consumer Services. 
 
Renewal Applicants 
After we process your registration fees and verify all the above information has been 
submitted and is complete, we will send your new registration and vehicle decal(s) by certified 
mail. 
 
 
 
Movers 
 
 
 
 
Page 31 of 32 
Address: 1 N. University Drive, Suite 203, Plantation, FL 33324 
Email: consumer@broward.org 
Phone: 954-519-1260 
Consumer Affairs 
Consumer Protection Division 
Broward.org/Consumer 
 
We regulate, inspect, and issue permits and licenses to tow  companies, tow trucks, and 
immobilization companies. We also regulate the costs of a non-consent tow, tow yards' hours, 
methods for authorization of a tow or immobilization, and required information to be included 
on a manifest/invoice. 
 
On October 14, 2014, the Broward County Board of County Commissioners enacted a  Towing 
and Immobilization Regulation Ordinance regulating companies that tow or immobilize motor 
vehicles in Broward County. The ordinance had an effective date of April 1, 2015. All businesses 
that tow vehicles in Broward County, both consent and nonconsent, must have a license by 
April 1, 2015. Section 40.50 of the Broward County Administrative Code requires both licensing 
fees and nonconsent towing rates to be reviewed annually prior to October 1st and increased 
by either the annual percentage change in the Consumer Price Index (CPI) or 3 percent, 
whichever is less. 
 
Allowable Rates and Fees 
In January 2026, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics published a 0% increase in the Consumer 
Price Index (“CPI”) from December 2024 to December 2025.  The rates and fees for fiscal year 
2027 will reflect this 0% increase. 
• Towing and Immobilization Fees (Section 40.50 Administrative Code) 
• Maximum Nonconsent Towing Rates Summary Table 
News & Highlights 
 
Effective immediately do not include a payment with any application for permits, licenses or 
registrations, if you are dropping off the application off or mailing it in.  An invoice will be 
emailed to you once your application has been processed, so that you may pay the applicable 
fees.  Any payment included with your application will be returned to you. 
 
Towing & Immobilization 